{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs40 \cf0 Marco Polo - Toro Ridge\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs26 \cf0 Unaffiliated, fly at your own risk\
\
Thermal Flying\
\
Rating: P2 with instructor or P3+\
Main Radio Frequency: 144.310\
Appropriate wind: SE to SSW\
Altitude: 1066ft\
Minimum glide ratio: 6:1\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Large South facing grassy launch
\f0\b0  situated at the top of Toro Ridge in Carpinteria. \
\
It offers some ridge soaring in South wind, but 
\f1\b mostly thermal flying
\f0\b0 , with the potential to leave the ridge to go East. \
\
Launch is about a 20 minutes hike from the road.\
\
It is a good option in 
\f1\b low cloud-base days
\f0\b0  when the mountain launches are socked in or when the North wind is too strong. \
\
Altitude 1066ft, 1.3 miles away from the Padaro Beach. That\'92s a 6:1 glide. \
\
Some landowners at the foot of the ridge expressed concerns about pilots flying low over their homes and landing on their properties. Landing on the beach is best. \
\
The 
\f1\b polo fields
\f0\b0  have expressly asked not to land on their fields. \
\
If the day does not offer much lift and you find yourself lower than launch, using the house thermal spine West of the launch (where the first big house is located) is likely to give you a good glide to the beach. Finding lift on the East side is possible but is not as consistent and could result in landing out on private properties. A resident has been consistently calling the police on pilots landing there. Fly at your own risk.\
\
Top Landing possible.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\sb160\sa160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

}
