{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs40 \cf0 Elings Flight Park\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs26 \cf0 \
Training Hill, Ground Handling and some Thermal Flying\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Rating: P1/H1 with instructor supervision, P2+/H2+ with school present\
Fee: contact schools for info\
Altitude:\
Appropriate wind: SE to SW\
Radio Frequency for Eagle SChool: 145.550\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 When passing the entrance gate, make sure to close it behind you. The park management requires it to be closed at all time>\
If you see it open, please close it.\
\
Porta potty in the small parking lot at the LZ.\
\
Because of the rough road condition going up, 2wheel drive vehicles should park at the bottom.\
\
There is a lot of poison oak around. Be mindful that landing in bushes can lead to poison oak contamination.\
\
Please drive slow. Hikers with dog will be grateful.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 Elings Flight Park is a private property. They ask that only the approved flight schools have access to instruct and coach students and certified pilots. Pilots of any rating are only able to fly or ground handle at this site under the supervision the Elings Flight Park approved flight schools.\'a0 \
Out of town paragliding schools and instructors need approval before using the Elings Park Training Hill for instruction.\'a0 \
\
Call
\f1\b  Fly Above All 
\f0\b0 (805-965-3733), 
\f1\b Eagle Paragliding
\f0\b0  (805-968-0980) or (802-558-6350)\'a0for details.\
\
Student pilots with less than novice hang gliding rating (H2) or novice paragliding rating (P2) must have\'a0direct supervision\'a0by their USHPA certified, Eling\'92s Park Flight Park approved, instructor.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Vehicles are not allowed in landing or launching area
\f0\b0  \'96 they are to remain on the roads or designated parking areas at all times.\
All hang gliding and paragliding activities must be in compliance with USHPA hang gliding and paragliding pilot rating, instructor certification programs, and FAR 103.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 When a school instructor is present, a certified pilot wishing to practice at the hill should follow these guidelines:\
	-Check-in with an on-site instructor. \
	-Show current proof of USHPA rating, pay training hill fees, and complete the waiver.\
	-Wear a helmet anytime they are attached to their hang glider/paraglider.\
	-Keep a safe physical distance between moving gliders, people and vehicles. \
	-Keep in mind that students are flying with you, do not increase their stress level, keep plenty of distance away from them and shout launching when about to do so.\
\
Paragliding and hang gliding pilots have the right of way over RC gliders\uc0\u8232 \u8232 Assist the instructors in assuring that all other park visitors comply with all park rules.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Each park user is responsible for upholding the best interests of the flight park. Any inappropriate or unsafe conduct (as deemed by any instructor or USHPA certified pilot) may result in a temporary or permanent ban from Elings Flight Park.\
\
Link to schools\'92 chat with updated presence to Elings\
\
Two launches:\
\
Main launch is facing SW. Be aware of sinky zones on both sides of launch.\
Secondary launch facing SE, shallower and lower compared to the LZ. It is also less maintained\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

}
