{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs40 \cf0 VOR - First Student Mountain Flights to Epic XC						\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs26 \cf0 Primary launch for Thermal Flying and first mountain flight														-Update date-\
\
\
Minimum Rating: P2+\
Main Radio Frequency: 144.310\
Appropriate wind: SE to SSW\
Altitude: 3533ft\
Minimum glide ratio: 6:1\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Because the LZ is located within the Santa Barbara Airport Airspace, flying this site requires opening the 
\f1\b Airspace Window with the Santa Barbara Airport Control Tower
\f0\b0 . This will notify airplane pilots that there is paragliding and hang gliding activities in the area. The control tower staff is very busy, so we want to avoid redundant calls. First call the ATIS report line (recorded message) at (805) 967\'970283 to check if they report soaring activities. If they do not, post on the SBSA Telegram group chat, requesting that \'93the mountain window be opened for flying\'94. Someone from the community will call the airport control tower to report soaring activity and will let everyone know on the chat.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
VOR is an excellent launch for paraglider pilots of any skills. It offers great conditions for launching and working on thermaling skills along its main spine leading to an expansive landing zone, the T.\
\
Like for all our other sites, due to the sensitive nature of flying over Santa Barbara, out-of-town 
\f1\b pilots are advised to contact an experienced local pilot to get a site intro
\f0\b0  in addition to this page. \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Site ratings reflect the pilot requirements during morning and evening flights and/or when thermic conditions and environmental hazards are not present.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Launch
\f0\b0 \
Launch is a dirt and rocks open area where a couple of gliders can be laid out. Wind direction works from S to SW? Pilots should have a solid forward launch for low-wind conditions.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 As it gets later in the morning, launch can be thermic and XC flights become possible.\u8232 \
\

\f1\b Landing
\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\qr\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://maps.google.com/?t=k&q=39.6692,-106.6464"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
}}\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The LZ located in the San Marcos Foothills Preserve. It is a large area.  The wind is usually from the South, but West can be expected. There are no wind sock, but trees are good markers.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 The San Marcos Foothills Preserve has a parking lot open to all, it is easy to access and is the meet-up place for flying VOR.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

}
