{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs40 \
\
The T at the San Marcos Preserve\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs26 \cf0 \
Official landing site for VOR.\
\
-Google map of the San Marcos Preserve with pin on Parking-\
\
Ranking: P1 with supervision P2+\
Altitude:656ft\
\
Meeting spot for drive to VOR\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Because The T is located within the 
\f1\b Santa Barbara Airport airspace
\f0\b0 , when flying from VOR to the T, pilots need to confirm that the SBA Control Tower has been notified of flying activities in the mountains.  We do not want to bother the Control tower staff unnecessarily, so first thing first: tune in to 132.650 or 
\f1\b call 805.967.0283
\f0\b0  and listen for the ATIS that refers to gliders flying in the vicinity of the airport. 
\f1\b If there is no mention of gliding activity,
\f0\b0  hop on the Flying Today section of the SBSA chat on Telegram and ask for someone to open the Mountain Window with the airport. A local pilot will call them to let them know and will confirm on the chat that the window has been open for gliders.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\qr\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://maps.google.com/?t=k&q=39.6692,-106.6464"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
}}\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The LZ located in the San Marcos Foothills Preserve. It is a large area.  The wind is usually from the South, but West can be expected. There are 
\f1\b no wind sock
\f0\b0 , but trees are good markers.\uc0\u8232 \u8232 The San Marcos Foothills Preserve has a parking lot open to all, it is easy to access and is the meet-up place for flying VOR.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Downhill landing
\f0\b0 . Be mindful to not overshoot.\
\
Punctually, the park will have 
\f1\b sheep
\f0\b0  graze on vegetation for maintenance purposes. Do not land with the sheep when they are present.\
\
To avoid landing in the avocado orchad and make it to the main LZ, you need to leave the spine high enough. \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

}
